[RA2]: Removal of hardcoded captions (#3065)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter03.rst

instance profile (Basic and High Performance). For more information on the
instance profiles please refer to :ref:`ref_model:chapters/chapter04:profiles`.

.. figure:: ../../../ref_model/figures/RM-ch05-sw-profile.png
   :alt: (from RM): NFVI softwareprofiles

>    :name: (from RM): NFVI softwareprofiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :name: (from RM): NFVI software profiles
```

Reviewer: should we change NFVI to "CLoud Infrastructure"

>    (from RM): NFVI softwareprofiles"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (from RM): NFVI software profiles
```

> In addition, the RM Figure (:numref:`(from RM): NFVI hardware profiles and host associated capabilities` shown below)

Reviewer: This "numref" will give the reference of the figure in this text not Figure 5-4 from RM. 

@collivier @gkunz Suggestions? would

     :numref:`ref_model:figures/Cloud Infrastructure Hardware Profiles and host associated capabilities`

work?

Reviewer 2: @pgoyal01, I cannot provide an answer unfortunately, but only a concern: I am wondering if Sphinx could determine the figure number when RA is built separately.

depicts the hardware profile features that apply to each instance profile.

.. figure:: ../../../ref_model/figures/RM_chap5_fig_5_4_HW_profile.png

>    :alt: (from RM): NFVI hardwareprofiles and host associated capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: (from RM): NFVI hardware profiles and host associated capabilities
```

>    :name: (from RM): NFVI hardwareprofiles and host associated capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :name: (from RM): NFVI hardware profiles and host associated capabilities
```

Reviewer: same comment on NFVI as previously

>    (from RM): NFVI hardwareprofiles and host associated capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (from RM): NFVI hardware profiles and host associated capabilities
```

container-relevant components is the Kubernetes Node Operating System. This is
the OS within which the container runtime exists, and within which the
containers run (and therefore, the OS whose kernel is shared by the referenced
containers). This is shown in :numref:`Kubernetes Node Operating System` below.

.. figure:: ../figures/ch03_hostOS.png
   :alt: Kubernetes Node Operating System
   :name: Kubernetes Node Operating System

   Kubernetes Node Operating System

The Kubernetes Node OS (as with any OS) consists of two main components:

> 

Reviewer: Not for this line but LIne 153 -- I think we have deleted "req" as a prefix from all requirements. For example, line 153 states, "To fulfil ``req.inf.vir.01`..." and this should be "inf.vir.01"

Author: Done in [fea5914](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/pull/3065/commits/fea59141befa0e4eb69b928e1807f3f6acab1556).

   service meshes are outside the scope of the infrastructure layer of this
   architecture.

.. figure:: ../figures/ch03_networking.png
   :alt: Kubernetes Networking Architecture
   :name: Kubernetes Networking Architecture

   Kubernetes Networking Architecture

> .. raw:: html

Reviewer: line 547 and 548 are comments -- can we just use rst comments and not raw html

Author: Done in [fea5914](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/pull/3065/commits/fea59141befa0e4eb69b928e1807f3f6acab1556)
